[Music]
this was the start of an apocalypse that
would sweep the entire world
that was five years ago my name is alice
the last survivors followed a radio
signal to alaska this is arcadia
broadcasting
we offer safety and security food and
shelter
but i could find only one
[Music]
claire who did this to you
umbrella we have to move on
our only chance for survival is finding
the source of this signal
we offer safety and security food and
shelter
come on the man responsible for this
disaster took refuge underground
[Music]
the umbrella corporation feels safe
everything is quiet here they feel
secure
they're wrong
now this is a pleasant surprise
[Music]
hey boys is that any way to treat a lady
you